🐇 [Research] Layer Skip SFT (#3111)
huggingface/trl: examples/research_projects/layer_skip/README.md

> ## Run training

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# LayerSkip Training Recipe
Implements the training recipe as described in the [LayerSkip paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.16710).

## Run training
```

# LayerSkip Training Recipe

> Implements the training recipe as described in the [LayerSkip paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2404.16710).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Implements the training recipe as described in the [LayerSkip paper](https://huggingface.co/papers/2404.16710).
```
